README.md, before:

Impraise interview project
=====================

Based on Dan's https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-boilerplate

### Usage

```
$ npm install
$ npm start
$ open http://localhost:3000
```

To run tests

```
$ npm test
```


### Things that could be improved

* Theres no visual feedback when a url is copied to the clipboard, ideally you would have some sort of `popover` or `notification` somewhere telling you that it got copied.
* Theres are no loading state when a url is submitted and the request is currently being fetched.
* There is no visual feedback if an error occurs when hitting the API (the app its actually dispatching an event that its being catched by the reducer though).
* Stats of each link are not updated in realtime, if the API supported WS it could've been something I could've done as well.
* The regex for validating url's is not awesome, and might not recognize some urls.

### Dependencies

* React
* SASS
* Redux
* Webpack
* [webpack-dev-server](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server)
* [babel-loader](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader)
* [react-hot-loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader)

Commit message:

Specify what node version I used

README.md, after:

Impraise interview project
=====================

Based on Dan's https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-boilerplate

### Usage
I've tried it with node 5 and works fine, pretty sure it should work with older versions as well.

```
$ npm install
$ npm start
$ open http://localhost:3000
```

To run tests

```
$ npm test
```


### Things that could be improved

* Theres no visual feedback when a url is copied to the clipboard, ideally you would have some sort of `popover` or `notification` somewhere telling you that it got copied.
* Theres are no loading state when a url is submitted and the request is currently being fetched.
* There is no visual feedback if an error occurs when hitting the API (the app its actually dispatching an event that its being catched by the reducer though).
* Stats of each link are not updated in realtime, if the API supported WS it could've been something I could've done as well.
* The regex for validating url's is not awesome, and might not recognize some urls.

### Dependencies

* React
* SASS
* Redux
* Webpack
* [webpack-dev-server](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server)
* [babel-loader](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader)
* [react-hot-loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader)
